man/lb.md, before:

## slc lb -- Create LoopBack examples, apps, and workspaces

### SYNOPSIS

    slc lb <command> <arg> [flags]

### COMMANDS

Supported `lb` commands are:

* `workspace [name]`:
  Initialize a workspace as a new empty directory with an optional name.  The
  default name is "loopback-workspace".

        $ slc lb workspace my-loopback-workspace

* `project <name>`:
  Create a LoopBack application in a new directory within a workspace
  using the given name. The <name> argument is required.

        $ cd my-loopback-workspace
        $ slc lb project my-app
        $ slc run my-app # to run the app

* `model <name>`:
  Create a model in an existing LoopBack application using the given name.
  If you provide the `-i` or `--interactive` flags, you will be prompted
  through a model configuration. The <name> argument is required.

        $ cd my-app
        $ slc lb model product -i

* `datasource <name>`:
  Create a datasource in an existing LoopBack application using the given name.
  You must supply a connector name using the `--connector` option.

        $ cd my-app
        $ slc lb datasource mongo --connector mongodb

### OPTIONS

* `-h`, `--help`:
  Display this help text.

* `-i`, `--interactive`:
  Run an interactive model creation. Only supported with the model command.

* `--data-source <name>`:
  Supply a custom data source when creating a model. Defaults to "db".

* `--private`:
  Do not expose the model's API remotely. 

* `-c`, `--connector`:
  Specify the connector name when creating a datasource (required).

Commit message:

Support --no-install for `slc lb project`

man/lb.md, after:

## slc lb -- Create LoopBack examples, apps, and workspaces

### SYNOPSIS

    slc lb <command> <arg> [flags]

### COMMANDS

Supported `lb` commands are:

* `workspace [name]`:
  Initialize a workspace as a new empty directory with an optional name.  The
  default name is "loopback-workspace".

        $ slc lb workspace my-loopback-workspace

* `project <name> [--no-install]`:
  Create a LoopBack application in a new directory within a workspace
  using the given name. The <name> argument is required. With `--no-install`,
  will not install the npm dependencies.

        $ cd my-loopback-workspace
        $ slc lb project my-app
        $ slc run my-app # to run the app

* `model <name>`:
  Create a model in an existing LoopBack application using the given name.
  If you provide the `-i` or `--interactive` flags, you will be prompted
  through a model configuration. The <name> argument is required.

        $ cd my-app
        $ slc lb model product -i

* `datasource <name>`:
  Create a datasource in an existing LoopBack application using the given name.
  You must supply a connector name using the `--connector` option.

        $ cd my-app
        $ slc lb datasource mongo --connector mongodb

### OPTIONS

* `-h`, `--help`:
  Display this help text.

* `-i`, `--interactive`:
  Run an interactive model creation. Only supported with the model command.

* `--data-source <name>`:
  Supply a custom data source when creating a model. Defaults to "db".

* `--private`:
  Do not expose the model's API remotely. 

* `-c`, `--connector`:
  Specify the connector name when creating a datasource (required).
